Something more light, more simple, will not become boring and tired and deep-wrested and then can't
be composed.
And if we do this, then what we said here? He had a great master's.
If we said here, then if we do this, even if you know all those things, if we do important
practices,
then it's same as a person who is so thirsty, so thirsty,
and died with thirst, right the shore of the big lakes, big lakes,
right the shore of the big freshwater lakes. He died by thirst. Can you believe that?
That is the one. If we don't practice, that is the one really going to happen.
When this happened, what actually happened? We scared our empty teachings in practice,
didn't put them into the practices, didn't put them into the practices.
And then we become, almost, we don't know, I'm composed, I'm composed, I don't know what to
practice,
I have so many practices, I have so many teachings, I read this and that, kind of calm those things
,
and then you might try, it looks like you have to close the desert, desert, desert without any help
.
Kind of feel that. And then we say for a moment, just call it, just call it, all that comes, one
after another.
And then, kind of maybe it started, kind of almost like making commentaries on the teachings,
or the t-shirts, or the sunglasses, and then finally, maybe turn back to one's own self,
start to make the commentaries, the field disappointment, all that really falls.
And that is what is happening because we didn't organize it, and we didn't put enough inspiration,
joy in appreciations, joyful effort into the practices.
And that happened, when that happened, many times in the teachings said that four things,
we kind of completely neglected everything in the four stages.
What is it? All the studying become intellectual.
All the studying, the teaching, all that become intellectual.
Intellectual in hovering in the brains. And our kind of, whatever the experience,
anything what we kind of feel, even close, or this kind of sense, it makes sense or something,
that we left on the book, we left on the book, or the text, or notes, your notebooks left.
You feel, oh, that's nice, you write, write down notes, but then it's not in the heart,
it's on the shelf, in the book, and maybe on the justice of a few different religions, like that.
And then what that happened, what happened?
All this hovering in the brain and kind of intellectual status, you repeat the instructions that
you received.
Occasionally, we use that in the mouth, verbal.
The pitta structure is not sinking to the heart.
Heart, we're using as kind of like to something of the advent day, or to show up.
Show up by mouth, speaking, that's speaking.
Practice is not just speaking, pitta structure is not just speaking, making speech.
Pitta structure must sink to the heart and simply from there, grow, dribble up, glowing.
That is what the beneath practice means.
If it comes to the mouth, that's what the great Master Bhagavan Mooji said,
and as the great Master Kinti Bhadishara Mooji said, 'ren boh mouth', 'ren boh mouth'.
'Zogchin' is not in the heart. 'Zogchin' is on the mouth.
And using that, when you look those, when you say,
maybe it's something that you're using to show up, to burst your ego,
or to show up some kind of something of the air, those worldly concernings,
or something kind of arrogance, using those words, but not really is sinking.
It's not the speech of devotion, it's not the speech of that joy, appreciation and bodhicam.
It's immovable. That is what happens.
When that happens, when these three things happen one after another,
what is happening? Our mind has become so ordinary, so habitual, loaded with habit patterns.
And we mix the dharma as un-dharma, dharma.
And that's what the great Master always teaches it.
See, if we don't practice the dharma as dharma, dharma can become as poisonous.
It hurts us. It hurts you, it hurts others.
And our mind becomes so ordinary.
Maybe more ordinary than the person who is in the street or in the business place.
So what is now benefiting our practice?
That means our dharma and our practice, our song, went to different directions.
Even though at the beginning of the time we started something nice,
something good intention, good intention, but because we must handle it,
and then it went to different directions.
Then we become emotionally kind of like,
instead of practicing, we become emotionally kind of like critics.
Critics, right? Yeah, critics. We become critics.
Critics, artists and kind of watchers.
Watchers and what is happening, you're falling in a ditch.
You're falling in a ditch. Dharma is not going in the right directions.
If dharma goes in the right direction, what are the teachings said?
Here in the books and everywhere.
Your love, joy, devotion, bodhicata.
All are just coming out at sunshine, warm, so tender, so gentle, so peaceful.
Your activity of the body, your verbal speech of the speech and your mind,
so blending in essence, so peaceful, so gentle, so respectful,
appreciationist, and so humble.
That is known as the practicing is going right direction.
Practicing is not just right direction. You become dharma.
Dharma, you're not separated. That is the one practicing is.
Therefore, for those reasons, these great masters say, say, say, say,
is, is, therefore, if we don't really practices, then what happens?
Happening, even you know all the teachings of the Buddhas.
Buddhas, when we leave this world, we just become,
we left this world with the only, as very only, very only.
Even if you died, I'm as used here. You already have these books.
You already have the commentary sections.
You died in the bed,
died in the bed, the scholar, you died in the scholar body.
Scholar body died in the bed with the scholar head.
Head of the scholar and died as the only person in the bed.
If that happened, then really nothing is really too much benefited.
Of course, in the teaching said, when you practice or when you start dharma,
it will sing to the heart. It will skip in the alaya,
so how can the straw out status?
Sooner or later, it will benefit one day, but not really that moment.
We died as great scholar name, name, but nothing more than that, only the name.
And therefore, these great masters, the Paramahansa, you say, watch out.
We should try to avoid that.
We should try to avoid dying with the thirsty, thirsty at the great, very fresh land, fresh land.
And we should try to watch out.
Watch out as knowing all the teachings, but not practiced and died, very kind of like all new ways.
We should, shouldn't we, shouldn't we?
And therefore,